Hi, guys.
Work.
In this lecture, we're going to connect this function with our UI.
Okay?
But before that, all we can do is email the user, finish uploading the video.
Then we're gonna need to take that user to the previous screen.
Okay.
To do that over here, we have to call the get then.
So we need to highlight and then use Katrina dots.
Okay.
We're going to import it from this get slash, get to that.
And then that's my process to lots of gets properties.
Okay.
And now we can see dots back.
So after the video finish, uploading is going to take us back to the previous routes.
Okay.
Now where we can then catch the error by using the gets dots.
Shoes.
Sorry, snack bar in order to show the error to the user.
Okay.
For you.
For the title we can see here.
Here are.
Upload in.
Video.
Okay.
So this this is what is going to be shown to the user.
And over here, we can convert it to a string, basically that says string.
That is error.
That's a string.
Okay.
This is basically it.
So now we can then connect disfunction called upload video to our UI.
So to do this we need to go to.
I think the.
Confirm screen and.
This.
Right.
Okay.
That's all we have to share.
But then well, before then, you know, to have access to that function, we first need to have access
to that.
Upload controller class.
Okay.
Over here.
We can create a finer and.
We can just do this.
We can just do this over here.
Okay.
We can't create a final viable.
Right.
And.
We can then call this.
So I think upload video controller and on the score upload video controller and now you can see gets.
That's put I think you've seen this before.
Okay.
So we were at Sony to a light and yes Coltrane dots in part from the gets kids and let's put.
And now we can the upload.
Upload video, upload it.
Upload a video controller.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
Now, you can see we have this test field that is the song in test field as well, the capture nine
and that to have access to the value the user is going to type in, we need to create a controller for
that.
Okay.
So we can just do this over here.
We can create a finer.
And we can just go ahead and specify the type is this type of test.
It is the controller and is going to be on this car song name.
Controller, it's going to be required to test.
Editing controller.
As well.
Fina a.
Editing controller for the score.
This is going to be a culture controller.
It is a court to test it.
It's in controller.
Okay.
Great.
So over this song name.
Okay.
The test field as a property known as controller.
And then we can call the song name controller.
So by doing this, we're going to have access to the value.
This is going to type mean and as well controller this could capture.
Controller.
Okay.
And all what is.
Sure, but then we can then score the other score.
Upload control available we have.
Then we can then assess the upload video.
Akiko is asking for the song name and for the song name.
It is going to be underscore song name controller.
To assess the value, we need to say dot test and as well it is going to be able to capture.
Controller, Dan, to assess the value we need to set our test.
Okay.
For the parts of the video, you can see where they have a variable value, but this is a top level
variable.
Okay.
So you can see the parts of the video.
That is the parts of the video.
It is its top level variables to assess.
It's what we have to do is to say widgets.
Darts video part.
Okay, this is basically it.
Okay, now you can hardly start and.
Okay.
I think my harp is not running then.
You can then run.
Okay.
Then you can just ride this out yourself while I wait for this to finish.
You didn't want to see any mistakes.
Okay, so try this.
Your step is going to take some time.
Then once it's finished, uploading.
It's going to take you to the previous roots.
You can see that's what we're doing over here.
That's what we do in the valley.
We said, was it as fish uploaded?
Right.
Once that's finished uploading to the video's collection, once the video finish uploading to the videos
collection, we then want to go back to the previous page.
And if there's an error that we want submitted to the user, which is just going to say error uploaded
video.
Okay.
It is basically it's guys.
Okay, guys, see you in a six year.
But before then you can just tell us this about yourself.
Click on the share, upload video, capture how this song name and shape, then go check your for your
class press or database.